


            
AI 人工智能
          




开始今天的分享前，先发个勘误。受公众号修改次数限制，《Art & Sports》一文无法二次修改，更正如下：1、“40000分先生”中："I wish him ... "应为"I wish he...";2、“（G）I-DLE”中："I like theirs..."删掉"s"；"have"应为"has"；"in theirselves"应为"themselves"；"men with" 应为"men"；"and their lyries..."应为"what's more lyrics".In my opinion, I think that technologies may play an important role in the future. And in a company, most of the employees may be robots. And thanks to AI, disabled people now can wear prosthesis which can detect the nerve system by many tiny microchips which runs by electricity. And as a result, many disabled people said that they can actually have the feeling while they touch a thing or while they grab a thing by these prosthesis.在我看来，我认为技术可能会发挥重要作用。在未来的公司里，大多数雇员可能是机器人。多亏了人工智能，残疾人现在可以戴上许多靠电力运行的微型芯片，它们可以检测神经系统中的生物电波动。因此，许多残疾人说他们在使用假肢触摸东西或抓东西的时候都能有这种感觉。I was totally shocked when I finished that video a few days ago. AI is the short form of artifictual intelligence. It is called "AI" just because they're more intelligent than humans(to some extent). The sentences I wrote drives me to the report of ChatGPT and Sora.  Nowadays, AI are more and more intelligent because humans give them the ability to think and move. But until now, humans still don't consider about a thing - giving them emotions. 几天前，当我看到这条关于智能仿生假肢的视频时，我完全震惊了! AI是人工智能的简称。这意味着它是一个人造的东西。它被称为“人工智能”，只是因为它比人类更加智能（至少在某些领域上是这样的）。我写的这些句子让我想到了ChatGPT和Sora的报告。如今，人工智能越来越聪明，比如，人类赋予了它们思考以及行动的能力等等。但直到现在，人类仍然不考虑一件事——赋予他们情感。Many movies use this topic as the main idea of their films, and while based on the reality and their imaginations, the result (the end) of the films are usually this: Robots wanted to rule the Earth and humans then take it back. In my opinion, humans shouldn't give them emotions. This depends on the definition---- the word "intelligence" from "AI". So what should be the maximum limit of intelligence?  This is the most important question people should figure out. 很多电影都把这个话题作为电影的主要核心，基于现实和他们的想象，电影的结局通常是这样的：机器人尝试统治地球，人类最终夺回地球。在我看来，人类不应该给它们情感。这取决于定义，“智能”来自“AI”这个词。那么智力的上限应该是多少呢？这是人们应该弄清楚的最重要的问题。Let us go back to the basic definition of "AI" - Artificutual Intelligence.  it is an intelligient thing made by humans. So, it should work for humans. Of course, many people think that we shouldn't agree with this:"A thing made by yourself are smarter than yourself." It's definately not the easy relationship between a teacher and a student, it more likely to be the relationship between you and your doll (or anything which is made by yourself).  This is a serious question! 让我们回到“AI”的基本定义——人工智能。它是人类制造的智能产品。所以，它应该适用于人类。当然，很多人认为我们不应该同意这一点，自己做的东西比自己聪明。老师和学生之间的关系绝对不是那么简单，它更像是你和你的玩具(或任何你自己做的东西)之间的关系。这是一个严肃的问题！And back to my imagination, I won't give robots their chances to have their our minds or imaginations.  ChatGPT is a good example.  In the first few weeks, many users said that they found some serious problems - ChatGPT may has their own ability of thinking. An "old" saying goes like:"Technology is a double-edged sword”. So as technologies develop, everyone should think about some serious questions about technologies, especially, AI.回到我的想象，我不会让机器人有机会拥有我们的思想或想象力。ChatGPT就是一个很好的例子。在最初的几个星期里，许多用户说他们发现了一些严重的问题——ChatGPT可能有自己的思维能力。俗话说:“技术是一把双刃剑”。因此，随着技术的发展，每个人都应该思考一些关于技术的严肃问题，尤其是人工智能。




